Add documentation for the Bright Sky weather entity (#13987)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/weather.brightsky.markdown

---
title: "Bright Sky"
description: "Instructions on how to integrate Bright Sky within Home Assistant."

> logo: dwd.png

Reviewer: Please add the logo to our [Brands repository](https://github.com/home-assistant/brands)

featured: false
ha_category:
  - Weather
ha_release: 0.114
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_quality_scale: silver
ha_codeowners:
  - '@mweinelt'
ha_domain: brightsky
---

> The `brightsky` platform uses the [Bright Sky](https://darksky.net/) JSON API to query meteorological provided by the Deutsche Wetterdienst (DWD)

Reviewer 2: Wrong url?

```suggestion
The `brightsky` platform uses the [Bright Sky](https://brightsky.dev) JSON API to query meteorological provided by the Deutsche Wetterdienst (DWD)
```
